>> Maximiliano Firtman: So the final step
will be to actually create the routes.
So, the path for example,
I think it was account/favorites.
The component is FavoritesPage, and
do we need logged in through here,
yes, cuz we need the user to be logged in.
Remember we have done
that with the router, so
now we have a system where if a route
needs logging, it will just work.
And something similar for the watch list.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
so now if I refresh,
I should be able to get into favorites and
watch list.
If I refresh, and you can see right now,
it's saying there are no movies.
So I'm not getting a page error or
not found, it seems to be the page, but
there are no movies because, we know that
when we are going through that, if you see
the network favorites is trying to bring
the favorites, that right now is null.
And watchlist is also getting, well
actually it's getting favorites watchlist.
So we have a bug,
that's because I copy and paste it.
So I think that on watch list page,
I also need to change the endpoint.
Does that make sense?
So now this one will actually get from
watchlist that is a different collection.
So if I go to watchlist,
now we can see it's using that endpoint.
But of course,
right now my database is null, so
we don't have any collection, so
we need to add to the collection.
That's the last step before seeing this,
if everything works.
Adding to the collections right now,
we will make just the basic part, and
you will have some homework
to do the more advanced part.
That is, for example,
having a way to remove a collection.
Right now, when we add a favorite,
it will be there forever, okay?
But the other part is pretty simple,
it's just adding the remove
service as well.
So to answer the collection,
we need to actually create a new
service that will be called
from where when you're.
When you are watching my movie, when
you are seeing the details of a movie,
we have these two buttons, okay?
So these two buttons,
let's try to analyze where they are.
So if I go to my index html,
I and look for
those buttons,
those buttons will be available.
In template movie details,
so they are here, okay?
And we have the button Add to Favorites,
Add to watch list that they don't
have any click handler, okay?
So I need to bind an event
handler to those, and
there are two ways to do that,
I can do it from here, from HTML, okay.
As we did with other buttons, but we may
have a problem if we do that in this way,
I'm not sure if you realize
what's the problem.
I mean, I can say add and
add to favorites, or
however you wanna call this,
or maybe save to collection.
So we use the same function for both.
The problem is that to
save to a collection,
I should pass the ID of the movie.
And I'm writing a template right now,
where should I get the ID of the movie?
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
So if I here need to pass an argument,
let's say I wanna pass,
this is gonna be a favorite,
so that's the collection.
But then I need the ID, of the current
movie, or the movie that I'm rendering.
But where should I get the ID from?
So, there are two ways
to solve the problem,
I think we will solve the problem
in the cleaner way, or
I think it's a cleaner way, but
lemme show you the dirty way first.
The dirty way will let you do
something like this, what if we,
when you're using the DOM,
you can, for example,
talk to your parents,
the parent is actually the parent element.
So if I'm in a button,
the parent will be a section.
So maybe later, through JavaScript,
you can check the ID here, so
then you can get the ID with something
like this, I'm not saying this
code will work as it is, but to give you
the idea, it's a little dirty, okay.
It works, but it will solve the problem
because later from Javascript,
you will inject that ID as a custom
property, and then we work, okay.
But I think in this case,
it's gonna be better to just create
the event listeners,
when we are creating the details page.
Remember that here we
are creating the cast,
we are doing all this binding.
Well, here we can add we can say, you know
what I will go and grab from here we have
two buttons, maybe if you want, we can add
ID, so it's better to find those buttons.
So maybe that's okay,
like button favorites.
I can use the DOM also to just
find the first button, and
the second button, but maybe later.
A designer thinks that, well,
we should reorder the buttons and
then then everything blows up.
So that's why it's better to just do this.
So then I can try and get, well, now it's
an ID, so I can use get element by ID.
Gavi, remember?
Now you have get movie by ID,
which instead of get element
by Id as possibilities.
So get element by Id will then now I have
the button for favorites, so I can add,
an event listener for tick like this.
And something similar for watch list.
And here I can go and
what, I wanna call you up,
and I wanna save this to a collection,
and where is the id?
Well, I actually have the movie here.
So I will just say this movie id, and
this is gonna be favorite,
that's the collection.
And for watchlist, remember this is the
render method of our work component that
is gonna be executed every time
we are rendering a page details.
So, when we are doing that,
we are also binding
the action listeners for our two buttons.
Okay, this makes sense?
So I don't have yet the code,
so it's not gonna work,
but if I open the console and
try to click these buttons,
it's not working, so
let's try to debug what's going on.
So actually, if you look at the html, so
there are some hashes here that
shouldn't be there, this is html.
So it's just the id, just that.
But we didn't get any errors, so
anyway, we should, the thing is,
what happened is when you do get
element by id, and returns nothing.
It's undefined, so
it should give us an error anyway.
Remember, you can always try
this from the console as well.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: When
you are doing the console,
remember that these you are not in a web
component, so this is not gonna work, so
you need to check and
try with document, for example.
And now you see that
we do have the button.
So that means that now when you
click here, something will happen,
the problem is that,
we don't have yet the function.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay, so
we need save to up, save to collection.
So, save to collection,
we just need to call our method.
So that's the last,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Part that
we will have, so
we will go to public app.js.
And the last service that we
will have here somewhere,
for example after the logout
is the save to collection.
We already have one.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: On h5 this
is our save to collection, and
now let's analyze what
it's trying to achieve.
So save to collection first is
verifying if you are logged in or not.
Why is that?
Because of course, you can click in
a button and you are not logged in.
Does it make sense?
And we don't wanna save anything,
because the user is not logged in.
So what we are doing here, if it's false,
we are sending the user
to the account page.
But the account page needs login, so it we
will be redirected to the login screen.
So this is a quick way to say, okay,
is this, you need to go and log in.
Okay?
Because if not, it's not gonna work.
If you are logged in,
I will try to save this to a collection.
And if it's a favorite of a watch list,
I will then,
after clicking there,
I will send the user to that url.
And that will give me
directly the list of current
favorites I should see the one
that I have just created.
Okay, does it make sense?
Something important here is that I should
use constants to avoid these issues, but
I'm using singular favorite and
watch list.
So we need to be very careful
when we are calling this,
in this case from our movie details page,
that we are using
the same collection type.
Because the constant is different,
and then it's not gonna work.
Now that we are ready to try this,
let's first fill some gaps that we have.
Let's say for example, in our html,
we are actually binding these buttons.
So something that we can do always, and
maybe it's a good idea, mostly when you
are doing web components, if those web
components are not using shadow DOM.
Remember Shadow DOM will let us make
like a small little Dom, just for
the web component, and
we are not doing that in this project, so
we are not using Shadow DOM.
Is that maybe we can be more specific
when we are doing even if it's an id,
okay, for example, we could say that,
we want the button inside actions.
So instead of using a by id,
let's use query selector.
And because it's squared selector, I need
a css selector, so I need to add id.
And then you can say, you know what
it's not any button, even if it's an id,
and it shouldn't be duplicated,
you don't know, it may be.
The browser will never enforce that,
so I can say this inside action.
Okay, so I'm saying this button
inside actions, that's one thing.
Then we have a gap in the API,
because we have already added
the authorization token, but
we are not saving to the collection.
So we are getting favorites and
worksheets, but
saved to collection is empty, so we need
to fill that gap, so save to collection.
Remember, receives a movie id,
and a collection and
need to send that to the server.
We are not going to use fetch for
that, because we are sending data.
I remember when we are sending,
we have another function that is send.
So we are going to return wherever
it's coming from API.send,
and the service name is account
forward/save to collection.
Okay, this should match
exactly what you have,
in your main.go in this case,
save to collection.
Okay, so it's matching that.
And then we need to pass the data.
And for the data,
we're going to pass an object,
that will contain the movie id and
the collection.
Remember here I'm using the JSON
shortcut available in JavaScript,
so this is like saying movie id is
movie id, collection is collection.
Okay, so you'll need to do that,
we just pasising the option like.
And we also need to check that,
were in this case our
collection the abstract page,
is actually creating new
instances of movie item component.
A movie agent component is
currently not imported,
so we need to use contrast space and
add that import and
remember, our friend VS
code is not adding in.js so
I need to go and add the.js, okay?
At least to see if everything works.
So let's say now, I will refresh,
I will get into a mad max and
I will see what happens if I
click on Add to Favorites.
I click there and boom,
I'm in the favorite section and
I'm seeing Mad Max already
there in the table.
If I'm going to watch list,
I still there are no movies.
Remember, you see that
little animation for
a while that is loading that's
the loading animation that we have done.
So if I go to other movie,
no Jurassic World,
I add it to my watch list
It's there in my watch list.
So I can go now to favorites.
I see Mad Max, I can go to watchlist,
I see Jurassic World,
and of course,
I should be able to log out, so
now if I go to favorites,
it sends me to log in, I cannot see them.
And if I log in, test@test.dev,
I should be able now to to see
again my favorites and my watches.
And of course,
I can add more okay to both favorites.
Okay, and watch this if you want
the same movie can be in two
different collections at the same time.
Okay, that's make sense?
So as I mentioned, yeah,
there are more things you can add.
You can add, for example Here, like it can
be like an X button, that you can delete
it from there, or you can ask
the user you sure you wanna delete.
So there are still more actions that
you can add to this project, but
now we have the full project working.
So we have a home page,
that is rendering top movies and
also random movies every time I refresh,
I'm getting new suggestion to watch today.
I can get to the details of a movie,
in this case,
I have the Youtube trailer and
some information.
Well, in this case, it seems like
this one has no enough information,
this movie compared with other movies, it
has no cast, that's part of the dataset.
The one that I picked has no cast,
so here we can see Michael Keaton.
I can add these movies to favorites or
to a watch list.
I can see my account, I can log out,
I can also search movies remember
that we can search movies from here.
So if you wanna search Harry or
Harry Potter,
I can see all the movies with Harry.
I can reorder this, by score,
by release date, okay, by name.
And I can filter by genre, so
I can see only comedies with
Harry work somewhere, okay?
So we have a fully working, full stack
project, that we did mostly from scratch.
Yeah, there were some
pieces that we pasted,
just to avoid spending
too much time coding.
But from the database creation, importing
the data to the front end, to the login,
the JWT token authentication,
we have the full app ready.